https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-HI http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rest https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RST
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Expressway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation EXPR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NV https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Nevada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Avenue https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation AVENU
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ND https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Land http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NC http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for North Carolina
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Orchard http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label orchard
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Spring http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label spring
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NU https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NU
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ID https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag ID
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Prairie http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label prairie
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MD https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Maryland
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fort http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label fort
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/PW http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pine http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label pine
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Square https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SQU
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ridge http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Island https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation IS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/QC https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Village https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation VLG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/GA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Georgia
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lodge http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label lodge
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Orchard https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation ORCH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ville https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation VL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Light http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label light
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Square https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation SQ
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SK https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MA http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Massachusetts
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Haven https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation HVN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lake https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation LK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AS http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Freeway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FREEWY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MI http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label MI
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rapid http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VI http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label VI
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Tunnel https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TUNNEL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Port http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Park https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PARK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/GA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Montana
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Meadows https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MDWS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VI https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag VI
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/RI https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Brooks https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation BRKS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Knoll http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label knoll
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ridge https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RDG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Street https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation STRT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Oval https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation OVAL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Stravenue https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation STRAVN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/TN http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forest http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label forest
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Branch https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BRNCH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shoal https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation SHL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mount https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MOUNT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Islands https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ISLANDS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Key https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation KEY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/BC https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/BritishColumbia
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OH http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Ohio
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Corner http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label corner
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Knoll http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NM http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label NM
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-KY http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crossroads http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Village https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VILLAGE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mill http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/BC http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition Canadian and US-specific code for the designation for British Columbia
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fork https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FRK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Light https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LGT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NM https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag NM
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Squares https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SQRS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/LA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Neck http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Union https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation UNION
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-MT https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ND https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation ND
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AR http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label AR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Beach https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation BCH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cape https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CPE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lodge https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LDG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CO https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MI https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MI
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MO http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fords http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Brook https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BRK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Locks https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LCKS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ranch https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RNCHS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Harbor http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label harbor
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-PA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Expressway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation EXPRESS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/UM https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Underpass http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/AnnotationVocabulary/copyright Copyright (c) 2019-2023 Object Management Group, Inc.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Avenue https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation AVEN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Springs http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label springs
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Burgs http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label burgs
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PA http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Pennsylvania
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AB https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/Alberta
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Radial https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RADL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cove http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/DC http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for the District of Colombia
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-AR http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-IA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fort http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fields http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Key http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NY https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag NY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ways https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation WAYS
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-NM http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Harbor https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HARBR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Point http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fields https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation FLDS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Valleys https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VALLEYS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Inlet https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation INLT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Course https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CRSE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shore https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation SHR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trail http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OK https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Oklahoma
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-AB https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation AB
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AR http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trafficway http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label trafficway
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-ME http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MT http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Montana
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Plains https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PLAINS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fords https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FORDS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AE http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label US-AE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Oval https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation OVL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rue https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RUE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AP http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition subdivision code for the state designation for Armed Forces Pacific
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Curve http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label curve
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Orchard https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ORCH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ID http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Turnpike https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TURNPK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SD http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label SD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Brooks http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition multiple small, natural freshwater streams
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/DC https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag DC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bluffs http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition multiple broad, rounded cliffs
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VI https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/VirginIslands
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Neck https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NCK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parkway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PKWAY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shoal https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SHOAL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NE https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag CA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Tunnel http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MP http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Dam http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Freeway http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label freeway
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rapid https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RPD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Throughway http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label throughway
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-PE https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PE
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-UT https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation UT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Haven https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HVN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Circles http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label circles
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PR https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/PuertoRico
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Streets http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label streets
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PE https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/PrinceEdwardIsland
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AZ https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag AZ
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bridge http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trace http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label trace
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/DC https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pine https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PNE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ferry http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Connecticut
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Burgs http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rapid http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shoal https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SHL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mall http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label mall
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Port http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crossing https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CRSSNG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Point https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Street https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation STREET
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SD https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation SD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NU https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SD https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Circles http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Drive https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation DRIVE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ON https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/Ontario
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Stravenue https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation STRVN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VT http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label VT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cliff http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label cliff
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pines http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Well http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label well
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Beach https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BCH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ND http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cape https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CPE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Center http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OK https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag OK
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-OR https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation OR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Valleys http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crossroads http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Course http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NU https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/Nunavut
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Grove https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation GRV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OR https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation OR
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/FM https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation FM
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Extension https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation EXTNSN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MB https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Spring https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation SPG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Valley https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VALLY
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-MN http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/HI https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Hawaii
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rapids https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RPDS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/GA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Georgia
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OH http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label OH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Centers https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CENTERS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fords http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Wall http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Villages http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Place https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Orchard https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ORCHRD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Knolls http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Views https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation VWS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ford http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label ford
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Keys https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation KEYS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MB https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/Manitoba
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Run https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation RUN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Underpass http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mission https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MSN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Garden http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Stream http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lake https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LAKE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CO https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag CO
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Course https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CRSE
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/PW https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PW
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Arcade https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ARCADE
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-NY http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SK http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition Canadian and US-specific code for the designation for Saskatchewan
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fort http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/BC https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OK http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Oklahoma
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AE http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label AE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Summit https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SUMMIT
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-MA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Key http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pine http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Causeway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CAUSEWAY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AE https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag AE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Point http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rest http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-TN https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation TN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AZ http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trail http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/TN https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag TN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lock http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label lock
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Garden https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GRDEN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Harbor http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IN https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Indiana
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shores https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SHOARS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fords http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label fords
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Square https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SQRE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Camp https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CAMP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lock http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/LA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Underpass https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation UNDERPASS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Passage https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PSGE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Greens http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Estates http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MI http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Michigan
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Junction https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation JCT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Village http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Wells http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label U.S. Postal Service Addresses Individuals Ontology
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Washington
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Flat http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label flat
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cove https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation COVE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Center https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CTR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Dam http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AB http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition Canadian and US-specific code for the designation for Alberta
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Common http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mall https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MALL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Junctions https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation JCTS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hollow https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HOLLOW
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Viaduct https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VIADCT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/QC http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label QC
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-NC http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Avenue https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation AVE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesAmericas http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition state designation for Armed Forces Americas, excluding Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bridge https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BRDGE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Arcade https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation ARC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/LA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Louisiana
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Point https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Causeway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CSWY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/YT https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation YT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Points http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Dam https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation DM
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Glens http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label glens
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crescent https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CRSENT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Drive https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation DRIV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesAmericas
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shoals http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label shoals
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Extension https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation EXTENSION
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Overpass http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Burgs https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BURGS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/AnnotationVocabulary/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesEurope https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/CountryRepresentation/isSubregionOf https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Centers https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CTRS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forges https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation FRGS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Dale https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation DALE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WY https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Wyoming
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-AK http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesPacific http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition state designation for Armed Forces Pacific
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/DC https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/DistrictOfColumbia
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Meadow http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label meadow
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Way https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation WAY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Terrace https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TERR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Stravenue https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation STRAVEN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Plaza https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PLZ
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SC https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/SouthCarolina
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Circles http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SC https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rapids http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rue http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Grove https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GRV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Way http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label way
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Meadows http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-AK https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation AK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NY https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/NewYork
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/UT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Utah
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IL http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label IL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NC https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Valley https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VALLEY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Unions https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation UNS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Landing http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label landing
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Manor https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MANOR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesEurope http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/CountryRepresentation/CountrySubdivision
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NH https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Plaza https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PLAZA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SC https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/SouthCarolina
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Views https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VWS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pines https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PNES
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NB https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/NewBrunswick
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AB http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Run https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RUN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NS https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NE http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bottom https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BOT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Courts http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label courts
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/KY https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Kentucky
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lakes https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LKS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/River https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation RIV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IN https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Harbors http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Well http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Wall http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/YT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/TX http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cliff http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Divide https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation DIVIDE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Knolls http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bayou https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BAYOO
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Estates https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ESTATES
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Alley http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NL https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-WV https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation WV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Keys http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Garden http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/GU http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Place http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label place
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Stream http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/FM http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag IA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Terrace http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Tunnel https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TUNNELS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PE https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/RI https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag RI
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Road https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation RD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/RI http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bluffs https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BLUFFS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pine http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/DE http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Delaware
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Summit https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SUMITT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rest http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fall http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label fall
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Passage https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PASSAGE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MN http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label MN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/TX http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label TX
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ND https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/NorthDakota
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NS https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/NovaScotia
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NU https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/Nunavut
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/TN https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesEurope http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label Armed Forces Europe
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lights http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label lights
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CO https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Colorado
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/TX https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag TX
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lock http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NE https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ferry https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FRY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AE https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesEurope
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ports https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PORTS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Court http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label court
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Court https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation COURT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Greens http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mall https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MALL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ON https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag ON
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WY https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag WY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Plain https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PLAIN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Camp https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Vista http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label vista
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Garden https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GRDN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Wells http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Arcade https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ARC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CO http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AL https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Unions http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-IN http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Motorway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MOTORWAY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Tunnel https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TUNLS
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-IL https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation IL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Beach https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BEACH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Canyon http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MO https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PR http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SD http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for South Dakota
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AL https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation AL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/UM http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crossing https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CROSSING
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Burg http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label burg
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hill http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#Ontology
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MO https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Missouri
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ramp https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation RAMP
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-NY https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WY http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Wyoming
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bottom https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BOTTM
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Way https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation WAY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Points http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Manors http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/UM https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag UM
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cove https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/TX https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation TX
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AE http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/CountryRepresentation/GeographicRegionIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fall https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation FALL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Center https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CNTER
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Overpass http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/BC http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/HI http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label HI
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WV http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for West Virginia
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/GU https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Guam
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Stream https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation STREAM
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Wells https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation WELLS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/FL http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label FL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parkway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PARKWY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hills http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-PE http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Heights https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation HTS
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-YT https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation YT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rue http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bypass http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label bypass
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AZ https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Arizona
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Divide http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label divide
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NL https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag NL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AZ http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Arizona
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Gardens http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MB http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label MB
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AR https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/California
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lock https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LCK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trailer https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TRLR
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-ME https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation ME
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trailer http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label trailer
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parkway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PKY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bridge http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label bridge
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ridge https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RDGE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Track https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TRK
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-CT https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Harbors http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Well http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SK https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag SK
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-MP http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mountain http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label mountain
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Brook http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/QC http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition Canadian and US-specific code for the designation for Quebec
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Road https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Island http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Knolls https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation KNLS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Keys http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Loop https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation LOOP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WV http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Tunnel http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label tunnel
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Street http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Terrace http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/DC http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Circle http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label circle
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Glen https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GLN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ford https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation FRD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Roads https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RDS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Circles https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CIRS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Road http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NU http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SD http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Arcade http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition arched or covered passageway, usually with shops on each side
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/BC https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag BC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MS https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Mississippi
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Squares http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label squares
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mills http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Highway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HWY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Dale https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation DL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hollow https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HOLLOWS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AL http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bottom http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Junction https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation JCTN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mountain https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MOUNTIN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parkway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Estate http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Field http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Drive https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation DRV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hollow http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NH http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Divide https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation DV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/GA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation GA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ON http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition Canadian and US-specific code for the designation for Ontario
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AE http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition subdivision code for the state designation for Armed Forces Europe, the Middle East, and Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ford http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WI http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Wisconsin
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Branch http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label branch
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag MA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mews http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Way http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Vermont
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bend http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Gardens https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GRDNS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rapids http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label rapids
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Center https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CEN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IN http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NM https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/NewMexico
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MD http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Maryland
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VT http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mission https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MSSN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Station https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation STA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/YT http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Unions http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Tunnel https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TUNL
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-WV http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NV https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Nevada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Spring https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SPNG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Canyon http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NL http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forges http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label forges
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-TX http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/River https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RVR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/View https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VIEW
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mill https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MILL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forges https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FORGES
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/River https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RIVR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hill http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso https://about.usps.com/who/profile/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Grove https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GROVE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SC https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation SC
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-NJ http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesPacific https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Classifiers/isClassifiedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/State
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CA http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label CA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Orchard http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-MN https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/KS https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Kansas
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mews https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MEWS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Prairie https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PRR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesAmericas http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ridges http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trafficway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-CO https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CO
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Points https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation POINTS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Haven http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crescent https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CRES
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Track http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label track
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ways https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation WAYS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Throughway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AZ http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label AZ
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Islands https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation ISS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Roads http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hills http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Track http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AK http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label AK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/HI http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Field https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation FLD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Avenue http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lodge https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LDGE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AZ https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Keys https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation KYS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shoal http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Center https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CENTER
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forest https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation FRST
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NB http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OH http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MD http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Springs https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SPGS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Courts https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CTS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Spurs https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation SPUR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Extensions http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label extensions
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MD https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag MD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/UM https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/UnitedStatesMinorOutlyingIslands
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AS https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/AmericanSamoa
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Estates http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label estates
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Alley http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition narrow passageway between or behind buildings
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OK http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label OK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VI https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation VI
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Light https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LIGHT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ville http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label ville
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bluffs http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label bluffs
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forks http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Square https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SQUARE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Expressway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation EXP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Dam https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation DAM
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AK https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation AK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Club http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label club
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bridge http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition structure carrying a road, path, railroad, or canal across a river, ravine, road, railroad, or other obstacle
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/NorthwestTerritories
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Vista https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VIST
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AK http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Alaska
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/MH http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Groves https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GROVES
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Land https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation LAND
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IL http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Street http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-TX https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation TX
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ME https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation ME
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Tunnel https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TUNNL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hill https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HILL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Freeway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FWY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Landing https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation LNDG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NM https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NM
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ridge http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fork http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label fork
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/GU https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation GU
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Place http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Expressway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation EXPY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation WA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Plaza http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label plaza
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Valley https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation VLY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Road http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Union http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WV https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/WestVirginia
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SC http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CO http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label CO
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Plain https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PLN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bluff http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label bluff
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Estate http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label estate
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Flat https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation FLT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/KY http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label KY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bottom http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/View https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation VW
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PR http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label PR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bayou https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BAYOU
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NY https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/NewYork
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-NL http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Gardens https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GARDENS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Field http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Groves http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label groves
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hollow http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fields https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FIELDS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Island https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation IS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Extension https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation EXT
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-RI http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Village https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VLG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ford http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Isle http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label isle
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Way http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bend http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crest http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label crest
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Spur https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SPUR
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-IN https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation IN
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-LA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Walk http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label walk
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trafficway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation TRFY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/View http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label view
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mills https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MLS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/CountryRepresentation/GeographicRegionIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Springs https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SPNGS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Street https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation ST
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mews https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MEWS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/TX https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lakes http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Track https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TRKS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parkways https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PKWYS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bluffs http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Islands https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ISS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Prairie https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Stream https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation STRM
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NB http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label NB
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-YT http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Massachusetts
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Plains http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label plains
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NB https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag NB
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bend http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label bend
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ridges http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trafficway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Creek http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forest https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FRST
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Haven http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mountain https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MNTN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Valleys https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VLYS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Throughway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Gardens http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label gardens
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Village https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VILLIAGE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Gateway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation GTWY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Keys http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label keys
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pike https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PIKE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Track http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Courts https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CTS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AR https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Arkansas
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Boulevard https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation BLVD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Center https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CENT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Avenue http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AB https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/TN http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shoal http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OR https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Oregon
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-PA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ridges https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation RDGS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Wells https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation WLS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SK https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/Saskatchewan
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Unions https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation UNIONS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NB https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NB
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesEurope https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Classifiers/isClassifiedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/State
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Highway http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label highway
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesEurope http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Alley https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation ALY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ridges http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label ridges
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/DE http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label DE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Manor http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label manor
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AP https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation AP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MO http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forks http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Key http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label key
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mount https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Row https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation ROW
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Station https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation STATION
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AE https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesEurope
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CT http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label CT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NV https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag NV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Valley https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VLY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NU https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VT https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation VT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trail https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TRL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NY http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for New York
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Motorway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MTWY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CO http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Colorado
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shores http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label shores
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MO https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Missouri
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Manor https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MNR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/AnnotationVocabulary/copyright Copyright (c) 2019-2023 EDM Council, Inc.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Divide https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation DVD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Place http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Loop http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label loop
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesPacific https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/CountryRepresentation/isSubregionOf https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-DC https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation DC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Common https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation COMMON
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/GU https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Guam
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Extension https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation EXT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bayou http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Groves http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/GU http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IA http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label IA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MD https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Maryland
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Summit https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SMT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Highway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HIGHWAY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Stream https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation STREME
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Falls https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation FLS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/RI http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label RI
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Virginia
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Canyon https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CANYN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shores http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AP http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-DC http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ferry http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MO http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Missouri
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Burgs http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://purl.org/dc/terms/abstract This ontology augments the U.S. Postal Service Address ontology with individuals for various street suffixes, military and U.S. Department of State specific individuals, and preferred designations for state and territory codes.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AR http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CT https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parkways https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PKWY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Garden https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GARDEN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MS http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Green https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation GRN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Brooks http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hills https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation HLS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Expressway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation EXPRESSWAY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Isle http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Boulevard http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ME https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Maine
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rapids https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RAPIDS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Street https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ST
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-MI http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crest https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CREST
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rest https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation REST
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-ND http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pines http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/FL http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Estate https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ESTATE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lake http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesAmericas
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AE https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation AE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Center http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Springs https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SPRINGS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Stream https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation STRM
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Gateway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GATWAY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Glen https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GLEN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Plains http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Valleys http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lodge https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LODG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Court https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MP http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Course http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/BC https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MN http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ON http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label ON
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AP http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ports https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PRTS
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-MS http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OR https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-OH https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation OH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Gateway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GTWY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AR https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag AR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bridge https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BRIDGE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/KS http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Villages http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crossroad http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label crossroad
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parkway http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label parkway
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Washington
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SD https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/SouthDakota
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Creek http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Track https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TRACK
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-AR https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation AR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Drive https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation DR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/LA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Louisiana
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crossroads https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CROSSROADS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MP http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label MP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Plaza http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bottom https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation BTM
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Coves https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation COVES
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ridges https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RDGS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Viaduct https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VIA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Extension http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label extension
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Wall https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation WALL
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-NB http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MP https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag MP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MS https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Mississippi
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Dam http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label dam
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lights https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation LGTS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mission http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NM https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Points https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PTS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ND http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Curve https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CURVE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AE http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Estate https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation EST
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Inlet http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label inlet
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AR https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation AR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cape http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label cape
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WY https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Wyoming
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ferry https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FERRY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mount https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PE http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition Canadian and US-specific code for the designation for Prince Edward Island
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/DE https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Delaware
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NL http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label NL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Knolls https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation KNOLLS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Key https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation KY
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-CT http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NJ https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag NJ
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Brook http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition small, natural freshwater stream
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AL http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Alabama
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bayou http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition creek, secondary watercourse, or minor river that is tributary to another body of water
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hollow http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label hollow
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Annex https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation ANX
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Greens https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation GRNS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Village http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IL https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation IL
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-MD https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AB https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Circle https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CRCL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Path https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PATHS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NJ https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/NewJersey
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/DE https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Common http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Courts http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mountain https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MTIN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bluff https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BLUF
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Drives https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation DRS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forest https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FORESTS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Orchard https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ORCHARD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Meadows http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label meadows
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mountains https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MTNS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bayou http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Path http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Groves http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Field https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FIELD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Harbor https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HARBOR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Oval https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation OVAL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Junction https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation JCT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AZ http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Club https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CLUB
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Skyway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crossroads https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation XRDS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mountains https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MOUNTAINS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MO http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label MO
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/YT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lodge http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Center https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CTR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/BC http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label BC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NB https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Arcade http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label arcade
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Branch https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation BR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OH https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/KS https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag KS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/LA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/RI https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/RhodeIsland
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Brooks http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Glens http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NL https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Walks http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Isle http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MD https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Boulevard http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Terrace https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TERRACE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Meadows http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Greens https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GREENS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MT http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/QC https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/Quebec
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Motorway http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label motorway
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WV https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag WV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bypass https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BYPA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lane https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation LN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AS https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/AmericanSamoa
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lake http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forge http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label forge
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CO https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Colorado
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Plains http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AB http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label AB
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Flats https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation FLTS
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-NU http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Junction https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation JCTION
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trail https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TRLS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AB https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag AB
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Commons http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ramp http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bottom https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BTM
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OH https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag OH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Court http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Course https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation COURSE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Alley http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VI http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for the U.S. Virgin Islands
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fort https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Points https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PTS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rest http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label rest
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PR https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Gateway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GTWAY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Plaza http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Estates https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation ESTS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pines http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label pines
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cliff https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CLF
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Radial https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation RADL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Circle https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CIRCLE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/River https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RIV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trail https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TRAILS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Walk https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation WALK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Squares https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation SQS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Flats https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FLATS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Divide https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation DV
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-WI https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation WI
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Key https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation KY
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-VT http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-NB https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NB
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Turnpike https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TRNPK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Garden https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GARDN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cape https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CAPE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bluff https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation BLF
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Branch http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition division of a road or path
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Loaf https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation LF
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OH https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation OH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Annex https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ANX
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mountains https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MNTNS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AB http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NE https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Nebraska
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NE http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pines https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PINES
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Tunnel https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation TUNL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AP http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/CountryRepresentation/GeographicRegionIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lock https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LOCK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AP https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesPacific
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-OR http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hill http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label hill
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddresses/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/GU http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label GU
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Burg http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition city or town (informal)
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/TX http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OR http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Passage http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label passage
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Brook https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BROOK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WY http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Streets http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trailer http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shoal http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label shoal
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MS https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag MS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mount http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label mount
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mount https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MNT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Grove https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GROV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trace http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-BC http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Station http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label station
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Junctions http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Route http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label route
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-SD http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Courts http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Massachusetts
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Creek http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label creek
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Spur http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Port https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PRT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/BC https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/BritishColumbia
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ports http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label ports
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Path http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Flats http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Manors http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Circle https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CIRC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Spring https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SPRING
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NM http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Skyway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AR https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Arkansas
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/GU https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation GU
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bottom https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BOTTOM
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/YT http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition Canadian and US-specific code for the designation for Yukon
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lodge http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/DE https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Delaware
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hollow https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HLLW
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Spurs https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SPURS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Walks http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Motorway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Brooks http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label brooks
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-MB https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MB
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Locks https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LOCKS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Underpass http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label underpass
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Views https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VIEWS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Gardens http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesPacific https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/CountryRepresentation/hasEnglishShortName Armed Forces Pacific
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Villages https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VILLAGES
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Falls http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-DE http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-HI https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation HI
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fall https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FALL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Stream http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label stream
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/FL https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Florida
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Garden http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label garden
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IL https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Illinois
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Knoll https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation KNOL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/QC https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation QC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ferry http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label ferry
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Stravenue https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation STRAV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AB https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/Alberta
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Spurs http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PR http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Plain http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label plain
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Corners https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CORNERS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PA http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label PA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AP http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label AP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/DE http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ramp http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Estates https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ESTS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forges http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NM https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/NewMexico
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Underpass https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation UPAS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Court http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/BC http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Brook http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Harbor https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation HBR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fork https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FORK
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-CA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-NU https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NU
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Island http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fields http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label fields
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Track https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TRACKS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Throughway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation THROUGHWAY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Island http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label island
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Canyon https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CANYON
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/GU https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Loaf https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LF
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Station https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation STATN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AP https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VI https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/VirginIslands
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MP http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for the outlying area of Northern Mariana Islands
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Squares http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Causeway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CAUSWA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pine https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PINE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NY http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fort https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FRT
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-TN http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MS https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mills http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ports http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-AS http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Estate http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Divide http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/KY https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Inlet http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ND https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag ND
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lake http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label lake
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mews http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MN https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Way https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation WY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Streets http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Freeway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FRWY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MI https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Freeway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FREEWAY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Corners http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label corners
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-CO http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Dam https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation DM
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Dale https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation DL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trace http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Junctions http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Highway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HWAY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/KS https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mill http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label mill
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-OH http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Curve http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Path https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PATH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Burg http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ID http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label ID
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NV http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label NV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Spur http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Junction https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation JUNCTN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ME https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag ME
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SD https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/SouthDakota
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Flats http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MN https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Orchard http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mountains http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bypass http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Green https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GREEN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Locks http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parkway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PARKWAY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CT http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Course http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label course
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NH http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Motorway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesEurope http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition state designation for Armed Forces Europe, the Middle East, and Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag AA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Isle https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ISLE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Valley https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VLLY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Spring https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SPRNG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Courts https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation COURTS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IN http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ME https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Place https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Falls http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/YT http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ID https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation ID
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Commons https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CMNS
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-ID https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation ID
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Drives https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation DRIVES
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NL http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MB https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag MB
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-ND https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation ND
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ranch https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation RNCH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Spurs http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-ON https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation ON
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Stravenue http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Harbor https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HBR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parks http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trail https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation TRL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Glens https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GLENS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/LA http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label LA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Greens http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label greens
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OK http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/River http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bluff http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bayou https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation BYU
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/LA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag LA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Oval http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label oval
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crescent https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CRESCENT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Islands https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ISLNDS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Manor https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MNR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NV http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bluff https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BLUFF
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Coves https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CVS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forges http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Circles https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CIRCLES
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/FL https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation FL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Meadows https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MEADOWS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Gateway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GATEWY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Tunnel https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TUNEL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NH https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/NewHampshire
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Square http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AA http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the state designation for Armed Forces Americas, excluding Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IN https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Indiana
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Boulevard https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BOULV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WI http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Route http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MN https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Minnesota
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Falls https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FALLS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Summit https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation SMT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AE https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag US-AE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cliffs https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CLFS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Summit https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SUMIT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesAmericas http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label Armed Forces Americas
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MB https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MB
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Viaduct http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label viaduct
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Dale http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label dale
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Road http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label road
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SD https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag SD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IA http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Iowa
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Pennsylvania
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Boulevard http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition broad thoroughfare in a city, usually having areas at the sides or center for trees, grass, or flowers
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Squares http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NB http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OH http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Park http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label park
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Union http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MD http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/UT http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ford https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FORD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Stravenue https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation STRVNUE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parkways http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label parkways
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Villages https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation VLGS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crossing https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation XING
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hill https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation HL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bypass https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation BYP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ranch https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RANCHES
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-NH http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/FL https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Florida
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Grove http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label grove
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Divide https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation DIV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Run http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Street http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label street
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Land https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LAND
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-NT https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Route https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation RTE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Divide http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-NE http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Center https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CNTR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mountain https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MTN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NY http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label NY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Drives http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label drives
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Inlet http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Isle https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ISLES
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OR https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Oregon
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Turnpike https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TURNPIKE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NC http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-ON http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MT https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag MT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NJ http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label NJ
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AA http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label US-AA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Passage http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NJ http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag US-AA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Curve http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bridge https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation BRG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Burg http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lakes http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-CA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#changeNote The https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/20200301/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals.rdf version of this ontology was revised to update a dead link.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Plaza https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PLZ
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Vista https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation VIS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/DC http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label DC
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-AS https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation AS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Alley https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ALLEY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forge https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FORG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AE https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesEurope
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NS https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MB https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/Manitoba
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bluffs http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VA http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label VA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Spur http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label spur
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Heights https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HTS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Square https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SQ
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NH http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label NH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag VA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NY https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Knoll https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation KNOLL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bypass http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NV https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Locks http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Dale http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lake https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bypass https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BYPASS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesPacific http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/CountryRepresentation/CountrySubdivision
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Loop http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MT https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pines https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PNES
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parks http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label parks
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Creek https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CRK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ranch https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RNCH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parks https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PARK
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-NE https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Virginia
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VI https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Springs https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SPRNGS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Harbors https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HARBORS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/KY http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Drive http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bluffs https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation BLFS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IN http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label IN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Prairie https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/FL http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Florida
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forest http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Corners https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CORS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IN https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag IN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/KS http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label KS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/DC https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation DC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Landing http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WY http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label WY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AP http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label US-AP
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-NJ https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NJ
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Causeway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/TN https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Tennessee
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trailer https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TRAILER
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AR http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Arkansas
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MI http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation VA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parks http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AP https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag US-AP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pass https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PASS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WV http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label WV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fort https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FORT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Glens https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation GLNS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ME https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Maine
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/River http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Knolls https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation KNLS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Loop https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LOOP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bluff http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#versionIRI https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/20230301/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AK http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/FL https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AS https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag AS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ranch http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Track https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation TRAK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AZ https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation AZ
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-SD https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation SD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NS https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/NovaScotia
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Oval http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Club https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CLB
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cove http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label cove
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AP https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesPacific
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Highway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HIWAY
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-WY https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation WY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Meadow https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MEADOW
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Extension https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation EXTN
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-MA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Villages http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label villages
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Villages https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VLGS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Gateway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Camp http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Radial https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RAD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Junction http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label junction
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Freeway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/QC http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Avenue https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation AVENUE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crescent http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ON https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation ON
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WY https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation WY
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-MB http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Expressway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bypass https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BYPAS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crossing http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NT http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Expressway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation EXPW
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mountain https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MTN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Springs http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Row https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ROW
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Camp https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NC https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag NC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AP https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesPacific
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Knoll https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation KNL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SK http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crossroads http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label crossroads
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Island https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ISLND
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ville http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OK https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation OK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ME http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fields https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FLDS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shores http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Canyon https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CYN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/KY https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag KY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/LA http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Louisiana
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-MO https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MO
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Iowa
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OH https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Ohio
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Row http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label row
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shore https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SHR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PR https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag PR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trafficway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TRAFFICWAY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PE http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Junction https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation JUNCTON
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MP https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Heights https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shoals https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation SHLS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AE https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/YT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/Yukon
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Corner https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation COR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Prairie http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Overpass https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation OVERPASS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/TN http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label TN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Gardens https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation GDNS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NC https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/NorthCarolina
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Vista https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VIS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Junction http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/HI http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Hawaii
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Falls https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FLS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/TN http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Tennessee
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Passage http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Neck https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation NCK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/River https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RIVER
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Brooks https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BROOKS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Center http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label center
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Valley http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CO https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CO
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Curve https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CURV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PE https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag PE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Common http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label common
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/KY https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation KY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Green https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GRN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/GU http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MS http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label MS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Commons https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation COMMONS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Pennsylvania
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Creek https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CRK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Coves http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label coves
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MP https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/NorthernMarianaIslands
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AP http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Branch http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SC http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for South Carolina
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Dale http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parkways http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Point http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label point
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shore http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ON http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MS http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/TN https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation TN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ridge https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation RDG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NY https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mount http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/GA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-AL http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Harbors http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label harbors
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MI https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Michigan
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pass https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PASS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trace https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TRACE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forks https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FORKS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/FL http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Radial http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Drive http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mission http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forest http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bypass http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition road passing around a town or its center to provide an alternative route for through traffic
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-KS http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crest https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CRST
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trail https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TRAIL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Coves http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Landing http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Springs https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation SPGS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MN http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Causeway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Track https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TRAK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ON https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/Ontario
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AL https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Alabama
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crossing http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label crossing
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Annex http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition addition appended to something else, such as another street
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NU http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label NU
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Knolls http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label knolls
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Circle https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CIR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mission http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label mission
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ramp https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RAMP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Spring https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SPG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OR https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag OR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/QC https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/Quebec
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Gateway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GATEWAY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/KS http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/BC https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation BC
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-GU http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Light http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Locks https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation LCKS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/DE https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag DE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ranch http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Oval http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NB https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NS http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesEurope https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/CountryRepresentation/hasEnglishShortName Armed Forces Europe, the Middle East, and Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Summit http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label summit
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/HI https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Hawaii
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-MS https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Roads https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ROADS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bottom http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition deepest or lowest part of something, such as the bottom of a hill
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/UT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Utah
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-OK https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation OK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AB https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation AB
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Flat https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FLT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Camp http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crest http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Gateway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crossroad http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Freeway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PR http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Puerto Rico
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trail http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label trail
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/View https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VW
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Expressway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parkway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PKWY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crossing http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shoals https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SHOALS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AE http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shore https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SHOAR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Plains https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PLNS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Springs http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VI http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Inlet https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation INLT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ville http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pass http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Plain https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PLN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Valleys http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label valleys
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Corner https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation COR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Freeway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FRWAY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Turnpike http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label turnpike
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Station https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation STA
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-MT http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Gardens https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation GDNS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mills https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MILLS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cape http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WA http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Washington
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Squares https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SQUARES
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Glens http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Point https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation POINT
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-GA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation GA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rue https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation RUE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/HI https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag HI
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-AZ http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Village https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VILLAG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hollow https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation HOLW
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-OK http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-WA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation WA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Prairie https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PRAIRIE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Vista https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VISTA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shores https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation SHRS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Heights http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NE https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Nebraska
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ND http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label ND
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AK https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Alaska
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/UM http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for the United States Minor Outlying Islands
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ME http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Maine
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/RI http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Rhode Island
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/GA http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Georgia
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation IA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Commons http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MB http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Valley http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-SC http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/RI https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation RI
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PE https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Junctions https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation JCTS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hills http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label hills
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lane http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WY https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WI https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Haven https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HAVEN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Avenue http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition broad road in a town or city, typically having trees at regular intervals along its sides
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MN https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Minnesota
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fork http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/UM https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/UnitedStatesMinorOutlyingIslands
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AK https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Alaska
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Branch http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-FL https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation FL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mill https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation ML
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Thematix Partners LLC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Meadow http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ME http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label ME
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Flats https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FLTS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shore http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Skyway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation SKWY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/UM http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label UM
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NL https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/NewfoundlandAndLabrador
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NU http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition Canadian and US-specific code for the designation for Nunavut
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/UT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Annex https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ANNEX
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MT http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Beach http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition shore of a body of water covered by sand, gravel, or larger rock fragments
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Radial http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-NC https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Extensions https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation EXTS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AA http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label AA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Annex http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Beach http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VA http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Virginia
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-VA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Plain http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NC https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WV https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/WestVirginia
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WI https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Wisconsin
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-VI https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation VI
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Square http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label square
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MS http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Mississippi
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Light http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NJ https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Vista http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SC https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag SC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/UM https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation UM
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Field http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label field
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Walk https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation WALK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IL https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Illinois
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Flat https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FLAT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forge https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation FRG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parkway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PKWY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trailer http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Points http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label points
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ID http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Idaho
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Plains https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PLNS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trace https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TRACES
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forks https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation FRKS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SK http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label SK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crest http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Gateway http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label gateway
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crossroad http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation AA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AS http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/California
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Summit http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/TX https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Texas
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Loop https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LOOPS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/GA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Throughway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation TRWY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MI https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Michigan
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IL http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Illinois
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hills https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HLS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Union http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label union
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Beach http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label beach
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesAmericas https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/CountryRepresentation/isSubregionOf https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Annex https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ANEX
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PE https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/PrinceEdwardIsland
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pass http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crescent https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CRSNT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Glen http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Vista https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VST
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Extensions http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Highway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HIWY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Landing https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LANDING
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cape http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-UM https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation UM
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hollow https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HOLW
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-PR http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Port https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PORT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shores https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SHRS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesAmericas https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Classifiers/isClassifiedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/State
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Burgs http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition multiple cities or towns (informal)
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crescent http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label crescent
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Meadows https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MDWS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MO https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag MO
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Manor http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OR http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Plaza https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PLZA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WY http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Port https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PRT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Flat http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ports https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PRTS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Islands http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label islands
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/UT http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label UT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SK https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation SK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trailer https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TRLRS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/TN https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Tennessee
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Harbors https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation HBRS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Boulevard https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BOULEVARD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/UT https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag UT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Union https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation UN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesAmericas http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/CountryRepresentation/CountrySubdivision
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Heights http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AK https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Views http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label views
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AK https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag AK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MA http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label MA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Avenue https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation AVE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ville https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VILLE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lane http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Annex http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label annex
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Radial http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label radial
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Drive https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation DR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MT http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label MT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/NorthwestTerritories
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mountain https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MNTAIN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MO https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MO
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Alley https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ALLEE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fork http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NM http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cove https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Valley http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label valley
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Harbor https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HARB
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/KY http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Kentucky
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/QC https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AE https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation AE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Extensions https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation EXTS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Green http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label green
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/UT https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation UT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Estate https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation EST
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Highway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation HWY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Stravenue http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label stravenue
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SK https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Square https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SQR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesPacific http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Path http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label path
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MA
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-WI http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation AA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OH https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Ohio
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lights http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-MP https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Club http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PE https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Beach http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Overpass http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label overpass
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ID http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-NV http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Burg https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation BG
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-ID http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Plain http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forge https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FRG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ports http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-WY http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/DE http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Corners http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Roads http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label roads
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/KS https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Kansas
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forks https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FRKS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forks http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label forks
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-IL http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-NL https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Corner http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MD http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label MD
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-GU https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation GU
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rapid http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label rapid
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AE http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesAmericas https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/CountryRepresentation/hasEnglishShortName Armed Forces Americas
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Glen http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label glen
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pike http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label pike
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Montana
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/GU http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Guam
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-RI https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation RI
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fields http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Burg https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BURG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/FL https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag FL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NH http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for New Hampshire
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fall http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OK https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Grove http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Wall http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label wall
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AS http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label AS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Green http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ridge http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label ridge
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Stravenue https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation STRA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NV https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rapid https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation RPD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Loaf http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label loaf
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Summit http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesAmericas
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ford https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FRD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NL https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/NewfoundlandAndLabrador
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Streets https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation STREETS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Burgs https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation BGS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Harbor https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HRBOR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lane https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LANE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/LA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation LA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Radial https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RADIAL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Avenue https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation AVN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NH https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/NewHampshire
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NY http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Branch https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hollow https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HOLWS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AA http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition subdivision code for the state designation for Armed Forces Americas, excluding Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Flats http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label flats
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Circle https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CRCLE
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-VI http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mountains http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Glen http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shoals http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Extensions http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-QC https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation QC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Avenue http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label avenue
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesAmericas
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lane https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Row http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Union https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation UN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Court https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MD https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/KS http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Kansas
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-MI https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MI
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Tunnel http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ferry https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation FRY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NC http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label NC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Route https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ROUTE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Islands http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Road https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ROAD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Center https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CENTR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Manor http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/UT http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Utah
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/DC https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/DistrictOfColumbia
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Flat http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NV http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Nevada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AS https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation AS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/GA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag GA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parkways https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PARKWAYS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ranch http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label ranch
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bridge http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Drives http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Viaduct https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VIADUCT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Neck https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation NECK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MB http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition Canadian and US-specific code for the designation for Manitoba
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Station http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Stravenue http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Club https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CLB
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ON https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rapids https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation RPDS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Annex https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ANNX
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NB https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/NewBrunswick
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Avenue https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation AVNUE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AP https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag AP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OK https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Oklahoma
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-IA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation IA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Square http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CT http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Connecticut
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PE http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label PE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CT http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Route http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fort https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation FT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Camp http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label camp
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Views http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pike http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#changeNote The https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/20230101/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals.rdf version of this ontology was modified to use the Commons Ontology Library (Commons) rather than the OMG's Languages, Countries and Codes (LCC) and to eliminate redundancies in FIBO as appropriate.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crescent https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CRES
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Viaduct https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VDCT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Terrace https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation TER
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CT https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag CT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Camp https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CMP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bluff https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BLF
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Well https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation WL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Field https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FLD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trace https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TRCE
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-VT https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation VT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hills https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HILLS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Loaf https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LOAF
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Meadows https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MEDOWS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lock https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation LCK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NJ https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/NewJersey
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Keys https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation KYS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trailer https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation TRLR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PR https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/PuertoRico
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lights http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Club http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shore http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label shore
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Center https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CENTRE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AP https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation AP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NS https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OK http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Run http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Corners http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ferry https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FRRY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NV http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-WA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Viaduct http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Village https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VILL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Stravenue https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation STRA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Corner http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MI https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag MI
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mews http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label mews
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WI http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Walks http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label walks
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mission https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MISSN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MB https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IN https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation IN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OR http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label OR
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-FL http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fall http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-SK http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Grove http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Causeway http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label causeway
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bypass https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BYP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Hill https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Creek https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CREEK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Green http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WV https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Roads https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation RDS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ways http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label ways
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Landing https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LNDG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Harbor http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-AZ https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation AZ
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lakes https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LAKES
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WV https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation WV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Expressway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation EXPY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SK https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/Saskatchewan
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-NT http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/UT http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Causeway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CSWY
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-GA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#changeNote The https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/20220701/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals.rdf version of the ontology was modified to use the Commons Ontology Library (Commons) Annotation Vocabulary rather than the OMG's Specification Metadata vocabulary.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Extension http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Unions http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label unions
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Estates http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesPacific http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label Armed Forces Pacific
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forest https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FOREST
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shoals http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Skyway http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label skyway
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Row http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Turnpike http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Loop http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bridge https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BRG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Islands http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forge http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NC http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Spring http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ways http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Village http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label village
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Circle https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CIRCL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NM http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for New Mexico
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AZ https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Arizona
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Drives http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NL http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition Canadian and US-specific code for the designation for Newfoundland and Labrador
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WI https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Wisconsin
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-MD http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NJ http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Garden https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation GDN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Station http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-UT http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-NM https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NM
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PR https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/YT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/Yukon
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cliff https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CLF
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Common https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CMN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Spurs http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label spurs
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lakes https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation LKS
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-AB http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rapids http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parks https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PARKS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WI http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label WI
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Overpass https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation OPAS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ranch https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RANCH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Terrace https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation TER
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NT http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition Canadian and US-specific code for the designation for Northwest Territories
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WI https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag WI
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lane http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label lane
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Expressway http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label expressway
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AS https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AP https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesPacific
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Well https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation WELL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Island https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ISLAND
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/TX https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Texas
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/RI http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Landing https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LNDNG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Views http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pike http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cliff https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CLIFF
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Loaf http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crescent http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/KY http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/HI https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Boulevard https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BLVD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/YT http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label YT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MP https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/NorthernMarianaIslands
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/YT https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag YT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Walks https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation WALKS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mall http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/OR http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Oregon
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ID https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/identifies https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Idaho
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cliff http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MI http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ON https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Brook http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label brook
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Wells https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation WLS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MN http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Minnesota
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WI https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation WI
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/US-AA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CO http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Wells http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label wells
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Radial https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RADIEL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AK http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Alley https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ALY
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-AL https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation AL
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-KS https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation KS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Neck http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label neck
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/UM http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Viaduct http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/CountryRepresentation/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IN http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Indiana
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Prairie http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AL https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Alabama
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso https://pe.usps.com/cpim/ftp/pubs/Pub28/pub28.pdf
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Junction http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Knoll https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation KNL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ND http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for North Dakota
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-DE https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation DE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bend https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BEND
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/QC http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IL https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Junctions http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label junctions
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VT https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag VT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SC http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label SC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NS http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label NS
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-MO http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Land http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label land
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Port http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label port
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NS https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag NS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NT http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/View http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Village https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VILLG
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-PR https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bend http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition curve, especially a sharp one, in a road, river, racecourse, or path
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cliffs https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CLIFFS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Centers http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label centers
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ville https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shoals https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SHLS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Circle http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Extension http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Canyon http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label canyon
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/DE https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation DE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SK http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Walk http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/KY https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Kentucky
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bottom http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label bottom
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/MH https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ME http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shore https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SHORE
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-VA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation VA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Highway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NE http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Nebraska
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NH https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag NH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lights https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LIGHTS
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-UM http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parkways http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Turnpike http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Avenue https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation AV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PE http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Arcade http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mountain http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Skyway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SKYWAY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Street https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation STR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mount http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forge http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NJ https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NJ
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ways http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Spring http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/TX http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Texas
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Spur https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation SPUR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Alley http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label alley
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ID https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ridge https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RIDGE
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-BC https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation BC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cliffs http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Park http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-NH https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Coves http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Junctions https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation JUNCTIONS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pass http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label pass
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NH https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Manors https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MNRS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VT http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for Vermont
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-QC http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NE http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label NE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WV http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Centers http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bypass https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BYS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/DC http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mountain https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MOUNTAIN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Connecticut
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ND https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/NorthDakota
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/HI https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation HI
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NE https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag NE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Trace https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation TRCE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bluff http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition broad, rounded cliff
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Vista https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation VSTA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Groves https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation GRVS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NJ http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for New Jersey
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Valleys https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation VLYS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/RI https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/RhodeIsland
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AE https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ArmedForcesEurope
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NU http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SD http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ON http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/GU https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag GU
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WA http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label WA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pike https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PIKE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AL http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label AL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/WA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag WA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Falls http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label falls
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Junction https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation JUNCTION
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AL http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Glen https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation GLN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AL https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag AL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Heights http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label heights
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/KS https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation KS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Walks https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation WALK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Loaf http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Wall https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation WALL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bend https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation BND
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Stravenue https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation STRAVENUE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Circle https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CIR
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mountains http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label mountains
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-NS http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mall http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Forge https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation FORGE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Land http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Streets https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation STS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Alley https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation ALLY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Haven http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label haven
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-NS https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NS
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-SC https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation SC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/QC https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag QC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rest https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation RST
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VT http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Manors http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label manors
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Commons http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label commons
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NB http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition Canadian and US-specific code for the designation for New Brunswick
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rapid https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RAPID
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Locks http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label locks
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NS http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Meadow https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MDW
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lodge https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation LODGE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ridges https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation RIDGES
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AA http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IA https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Iowa
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Highway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation HIGHWY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IL https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag IL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Ramp http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label ramp
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Meadows https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MDW
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Parkway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NL https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/View http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Isle https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation ISLE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/River http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label river
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VI http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Circle http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NC https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/NorthCarolina
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Walk http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Park https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PRK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/HI http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Highway http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/PA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag PA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Rue http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label rue
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Shores https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation SHORES
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Classifiers/
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-CA/CA-SK https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation SK
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-LA https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation LA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ID https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Idaho
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Meadow http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Park https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation PARK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Knoll http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Corners https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CORS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mill http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Arcade http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mountain http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Boulevard https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BOUL
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Turnpike https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation TPKE
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fords https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation FRDS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Junctions https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation JCTNS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crossroad https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation XRD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Neck http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Drive http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label drive
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/CA http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for California
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lakes http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label lakes
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/hasMaturityLevel https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/Release
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Canyon https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CNYN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Manors https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MNRS
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-KY https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation KY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cliffs http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label cliffs
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cliffs http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Park http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Pike https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PIKES
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Run http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label run
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AE http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the state designation for Armed Forces Europe, the Middle East, and Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Fork https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation FRK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NT http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label NT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Annex http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Light https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation LGT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NT https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag NT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Path https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation PATH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MS https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation MS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Station https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation STN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MB http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/RegionSpecificIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MP https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/ContextualDesignators/isUsedBy https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/ISO3166-1-CountryCodes/UnitedStatesOfAmerica
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AS http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the designation for American Samoa
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/GA http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label GA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cliffs https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation CLFS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/AP http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition US-specific code for the state designation for Armed Forces Pacific
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Lodge https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation LDG
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Roads http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crossroad https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CROSSROAD
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Centers http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/IL http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NU https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag NU
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Manors https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation MANORS
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Brook https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation BRK
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Corner https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation CORNER
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Vista http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Cove http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/Addresses/StreetSuffix
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Mills http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label mills
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Branch https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BRANCH
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bend https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/commonDesignation BND
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/MN https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag MN
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/ http://purl.org/dc/terms/license https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NS http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#definition Canadian and US-specific code for the designation for Nova Scotia
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/VT https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Designators/denotes https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/Vermont
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/SC http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Crossing https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation XING
https://www.omg.org/spec/LCC/Countries/Regions/ISO3166-2-SubdivisionCodes-US/US-NV https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NV
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Viaduct https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation VIA
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Bayou http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label bayou
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Terrace http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label terrace
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Freeway https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation FWY
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/Boulevard http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label boulevard
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Places/NorthAmerica/USPostalServiceAddressesIndividuals/NT https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/preferredDesignation NT
