https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Census Bureau (US Department of Commerce)
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/hasPart https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/NorthAmericanIndicators/CAEconomicIndicators/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/ https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/AnnotationVocabulary/copyright Copyright (c) 2015-2023 EDM Council, Inc.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/ http://purl.org/dc/terms/modified 2023-02-06T18:00:00
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Bureau of Economic Analysis (BEA, US Department of Commerce)
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/AnnotationVocabulary/copyright Copyright (c) 2015-2023 Object Management Group, Inc.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/Module
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Office of Financial Research (OFR), U.S. Department of the Treasury
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Pinnacle Bank (Morgan Hill, California)
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Statistics Canada
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Citigroup
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor agnos.ai UK Ltd
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Wells Fargo Bank, N. A.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/ http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#Ontology
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/ http://purl.org/dc/terms/abstract The economic indicators module includes ontologies defining concepts to do with published economic indicators. These give some indication of the state of some economy. Indicators of this type are usually published by governments or government agencies, or by international agencies or agencies of countries other than the ones reported on. Examples include Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and unemployment rates.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Nordea Bank AB
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/title FIBO IND Economic Indicators Module
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor 88 Solutions
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Bloomberg LP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/ http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label Metadata about the EDMC-FIBO Indices and Indicators (IND) Economic Indicators Module
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label economic indicators module
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor John F. Gemski
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor State Street Bank and Trust
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/license http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/hasPart https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicators/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/ http://purl.org/dc/terms/issued 2018-08-27T18:00:00
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/abstract The economic indicators module includes ontologies defining concepts to do with published economic indicators. These give some indication of the state of some economy. Indicators of this type are usually published by governments or goernment agencies, or by international agencies or agencies of countries other than the ones reported on. Examples include Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and unemployment rates.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Dassault Systemes/No Magic
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Thematix Partners LLC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS, US Department of Commerce)
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Bank of New York Mellon
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Deutsche Bank
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/AnnotationVocabulary/copyright Copyright (c) 2015-2023 EDM Council, Inc.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/ https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/AnnotationVocabulary/copyright Copyright (c) 2015-2023 Object Management Group, Inc.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/ http://purl.org/dc/terms/license https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/hasPart https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/NorthAmericanIndicators/USEconomicIndicators/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Tahoe Blue Ltd
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Adaptive, Inc.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/title Financial Industry Business Ontology (FIBO) Indices and Indicators (IND) Economic Indicators Module
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor HP Enterprise / Mphasis
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#versionIRI https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/20230201/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/AnnotationVocabulary/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/IND/EconomicIndicators/MetadataINDEconomicIndicators/EconomicIndicatorsModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor John F. Tierney
