https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/SecuritiesInc https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/isIdentifiedBy https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/SecuritiesIncIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#versionIRI https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/20210401/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/BigBank https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/isIdentifiedBy https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/BigBankIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/GlobalBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/FormalOrganizations/FormalOrganization
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/CaliforniaBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/FormalOrganizations/FormalOrganization
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/GoodBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/NewYorkBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/Identifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/AnnotationVocabulary/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/LondonBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/Identifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/GlobalBank https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/isIdentifiedBy https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/GlobalbankIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/WallStreetBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/Identifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/SecuritiesIncIdentifier https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag 100000004
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/NewConceptIncIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/Identifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/FrankfurtBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/Identifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/TraderInc https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/isIdentifiedBy https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/TraderIncIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#changeNote The https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/20210401/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations.rdf version of the ontology was modified to use the Commons Ontology Library (Commons) Annotation Vocabulary rather than the OMG's Specification Metadata vocabulary.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/WallStreetBank https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTextualName Wall Street Bank
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ParisBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/GlobalBank https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTextualName Global Bank
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ParisBankIdentifier https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag 100000011
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#changeNote The https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/20230201/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations.rdf version of this ontology was modified to use the Commons Ontology Library (Commons) rather than the OMG's Languages, Countries and Codes (LCC), eliminating redundancies in FIBO as appropriate.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label Formal Organizations Test Ontology
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/TrustedBankIdentifier https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag 100000013
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/GlobalBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/CaliforniaBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/FrankfurtBankIdentifier https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag 100000010
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/NewConceptInc https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/isIdentifiedBy https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/NewConceptIncIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/AnnotationVocabulary/copyright Copyright (c) 2013-2023 Object Management Group, Inc.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/NewYorkBank https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTextualName New York Bank
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/BigBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#historyNote This version of the FIBO Foundations Specification was revised primarily to reflect comments received at the March 2013 OMG Technical Meeting in Reston and reflected in the Errata discussed at the June 2013 OMG Technical Meeting in Berlin. 

Revisions to FIBO Foundations are managed per the process outlined in the Policies and Procedures for OMG standards, with the intent to maintain backwards compatibility in the ontologies to the degree possible.
  
The RDF/XML serialized OWL for the Foundations ODM/OWL ontologies have been checked for syntactic errors and logical consistency with Protege 4 (http://protege.stanford.edu/), HermiT 1.3.7 (http://www.hermit-reasoner.com/) and Pellet 2.2 (http://clarkparsia.com/pellet/).
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/CaliforniaBank https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTextualName California Bank
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Adaptive, Inc.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/AtlasBank https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/isIdentifiedBy https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/AtlasBankIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/LondonBankIdentifier https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag 100000014
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/LondonBank https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/isIdentifiedBy https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/LondonBankIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/GoodBank https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/isIdentifiedBy https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/GoodBankIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/FormalOrganizations/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/TrustedBank https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/isIdentifiedBy https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/TrustedBankIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/FrankfurtBank https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/isIdentifiedBy https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/FrankfurtBankIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/NewConceptInc http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/FormalOrganizations/FormalOrganization
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/CaliforniaBank https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/isIdentifiedBy https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/CaliforniaBankIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/NewConceptIncIdentifier https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag 100000007
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/GoodBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/Identifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ http://purl.org/dc/terms/abstract This ontology tests the high level concept of formal organization used in other FIBO ontology elements.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/BigBank https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTextualName Big Bank
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/NewConceptIncIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/TraderIncIdentifier https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag 100000005
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/FrankfurtBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/FormalOrganizations/FormalOrganization
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/GoodBankIdentifier https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag 100000003
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/CaliforniaBankIdentifier https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag 100000002
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/WallStreetBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ http://purl.org/dc/terms/license https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/TraderInc http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/FormalOrganizations/FormalOrganization
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/NewYorkBank https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/isIdentifiedBy https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/NewYorkBankIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/TraderInc https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTextualName Trader Inc.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/NewConceptInc http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/BigBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/CaliforniaBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ParisBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ParisBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/FormalOrganizations/FormalOrganization
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/TrustedBank https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTextualName Trusted Bank
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/WallStreetBank https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/isIdentifiedBy https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/WallStreetBankIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/TrustedBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/GlobalbankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/NewConceptInc https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTextualName New Concept Inc.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/AtlasBankIdentifier https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag 100000008
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/TraderInc http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/TraderIncIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/Identifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/SecuritiesInc https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTextualName Securities Inc
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/NewYorkBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/FormalOrganizations/FormalOrganization
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/AtlasBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/FrankfurtBank https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTextualName Frankfurt Bank
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/GoodBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ParisBank https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTextualName Paris Bank
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Thematix Partners LLC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/SecuritiesInc http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/FormalOrganizations/FormalOrganization
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/WallStreetBankIdentifier https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag 100000009
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/LondonBank https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTextualName London Bank
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/NewYorkBankIdentifier https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag 100000006
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/LondonBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/FormalOrganizations/FormalOrganization
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/CaliforniaBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/Identifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ParisBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/Identifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/NewYorkBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/SecuritiesIncIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/TrustedBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/FormalOrganizations/FormalOrganization
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/AtlasBank https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTextualName Atlas Bank
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ http://www.w3.org/2004/02/skos/core#changeNote This version of the ontology was revised in advance of the September 2013 New Brunswick, NJ meeting, as follows:
   (1) to use slash style URI/IRIss (also called 303 URIs, vs. hash style) as required to support server side processing 
   (2) to use version-independent IRIs for all definitions internally as opposed to version-specific IRIs
   (3) to change the file suffix from .owl to .rdf to increase usability in RDF tools
   (4) to use 4-level abbreviations and corresponding namespace prefixes for all FIBO ontologies, reflecting a family/specification/module/ontology structure
   (5) to incorporate changes to the specification metadata to support documentation at the family, specification, module, and ontology level, similar to the abbreviations.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/GoodBank https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTextualName Good Bank
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#Ontology
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/TrustedBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/Identifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/GlobalbankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/Identifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/AnnotationVocabulary/copyright Copyright (c) 2013-2023 EDM Council, Inc.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/NewYorkBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/LondonBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/SecuritiesInc http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/WallStreetBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/FormalOrganizations/FormalOrganization
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/WallStreetBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/LondonBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/AtlasBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/FormalOrganizations/FormalOrganization
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/FrankfurtBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/AtlasBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/Identifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/TrustedBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/BigBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/FormalOrganizations/FormalOrganization
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/TraderIncIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/BigBankIdentifier https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag 100000001
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ParisBank https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/isIdentifiedBy https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/ParisBankIdentifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/GoodBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/FormalOrganizations/FormalOrganization
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/GlobalbankIdentifier https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Relations/Relations/hasTag 100000012
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/BigBankIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/Identifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/AtlasBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/SecuritiesIncIdentifier http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/Identifiers/Identifier
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Organizations/TestFormalOrganizations/FrankfurtBank http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
