https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/ http://purl.org/dc/terms/license http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/ https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/AnnotationVocabulary/copyright Copyright (c) 2018-2023 Object Management Group, Inc.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/ http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label Metadata about the EDMC-FIBO Derivatives (DER) Security-Based Derivatives Module
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/license http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/hasPart https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/EquitySwaps/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Quarule
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Working Ontologist
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/AnnotationVocabulary/copyright Copyright (c) 2018-2023 EDM Council, Inc.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Exprentis
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/title FIBO DER Security-based Derivatives Module
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Citigroup
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Nordea Bank AB
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/AnnotationVocabulary/copyright Copyright (c) 2018-2023 Object Management Group, Inc.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Federated Knowledge LLC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor John F. Gemski
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Commodities Futures Trading Commission (CFTC)
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/ http://purl.org/dc/terms/issued 2018-03-31T18:00:00
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Bloomberg LP
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/ http://purl.org/dc/terms/abstract The security-based derivatives module covers derivatives that have underlying securities, including those based on market indices or baskets securities.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/title Financial Industry Business Ontology (FIBO) Derivatives (DER) Security-based Derivatives Module
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#label security-based derivatives module
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor State Street Bank and Trust
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/abstract The security-based derivatives module covers derivatives that have underlying securities, including those based on market indices or baskets securities.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/ http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#Ontology
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Thematix Partners LLC
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Deutsche Bank
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Mizuho Financial Group, Inc.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Tahoe Blue Ltd
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Credit Suisse
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#versionIRI https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/20230201/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://www.w3.org/2000/01/rdf-schema#seeAlso https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Adaptive, Inc.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#NamedIndividual
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor agnos.ai
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor John F. Tierney
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/contributor Office of Financial Research (US Dept of the Treasury)
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#type https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/FND/Utilities/AnnotationVocabulary/Module
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivativesModule http://purl.org/dc/terms/hasPart https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/SecurityBasedDerivatives/
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/ https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/AnnotationVocabulary/copyright Copyright (c) 2018-2023 EDM Council, Inc.
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/ http://purl.org/dc/terms/modified 2023-02-03T18:00:00
https://spec.edmcouncil.org/fibo/ontology/DER/SecurityBasedDerivatives/MetadataDERSecurityBasedDerivatives/ http://www.w3.org/2002/07/owl#imports https://www.omg.org/spec/Commons/AnnotationVocabulary/
